acord.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: Star Sailors by ACORD
cover: true
description: >
  Star Sailors by ACORD is based off of the Star Sailors novella. Welcome to our
  galaxy. [Star Sailors](http://allianceofdroids.org.au/aod/star-sailors-embed/)
published: true
---



Star Sailors was designed to be the future of science fiction gaming!




  
	


## Computer Science

### HTML
[HTML](http://acord-robotics.github.io/starsailors/html/)

### C++
[C++](http://acord-robotics.github.io/starsailors/cplusplus)

### CS
I'm currently doing a computer science course at school, and I'm aiming to get into a Software Engineering course at university. To code Star Sailors, I'll be needing to learn the following coding languages:

* HTML
* CSS
* Python
* PHP
* Java & Javascript
* C, C#, C++

I'll be starting with Python for 2 reasons:

* I know how to code basic things in Python (and it is needed)
* In August we'll be doing Python in school

Because of this, I'll be learning all about Python and how to use it. There are 2 repos that I will be sharing my knowledge, notes and basic code:

[DroidOS Python Repo](http://irisdroidology.github.io/droidos-python)
[Star Sailors Repo](http://acord-robotics.github.io/starsailors/droidos-python/)

I'll be storing it here as well as on my personal Github account.

### Python

## Python Map (on this site)
[Python Repo](http://acord-robotics.github.io/starsailors/droidos-python)
[Basic Concepts](http://acord-robotics.github.io/starsailors/droidos-python)

## What will I be using to learn Python?
[Sololearn](http://sololearn.com)
[Grok](http://groklearning.com)

# S2-RD

<div class="codegena_iframe" data-src="https://allianceofdroids.org.au" style="height:441px;width:750px;" data-responsive="true" data-img="https://blog.allianceofdroids.org.au/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/ACORD.v1.png" data-css="background:url('//codegena.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/loading.gif') white center center no-repeat;border:0px;"></div><script src="https://rawgit.com/shaneapen/Codegena/master/async-iframe.js"></script>


## ACORD GAMES
### Starbound
<a data-flickr-embed="true" data-header="true" data-footer="true"  href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/163063357@N08/albums/72157703079330401" title="Starbound"><img src="https://live.staticflickr.com/4900/46282139031_a4754d448b_b.jpg" width="1024" height="558" alt="Starbound"></a><script async src="//embedr.flickr.com/assets/client-code.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

## Robots, by ACORD
<a data-flickr-embed="true" data-header="true" data-footer="true"  href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/163063357@N08/albums/72157697047931491" title="Sp-D2"><img src="https://live.staticflickr.com/1763/28338365077_83f0bd3648.jpg" width="382" height="278" alt="Sp-D2"></a><script async src="//embedr.flickr.com/assets/client-code.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

## Computer Science
![Full-width image](https://preview.redd.it/33a10dy7mmm21.jpg?width=640&crop=smart&auto=webp&s=782c2c499e319204b45d53610a38ff175a06f722){:.lead data-width="800" data-height="100"}

## ACORD Anniversaries
<a data-flickr-embed="true" data-header="true" data-footer="true"  href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/163063357@N08/albums/72157703345314821" title="AoD Anniversaries"><img src="https://live.staticflickr.com/4816/31449261517_811f2cb12b_b.jpg" width="1024" height="581" alt="AoD Anniversaries"></a><script async src="//embedr.flickr.com/assets/client-code.js" charset="utf-8"></script>


# COOL LINKS
## Starbound
* [ACORD Starbound World](https://1drv.ms/f/s!Ak1pvbWm73EpiaYhsLf3WID8h-RATw)

<iframe src="https://onedrive.live.com/embed?cid=2971EFA6B5BD694D&resid=2971EFA6B5BD694D%21152353&authkey=AMg5GAWwsOjx3OM" width="165" height="128" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe>

## Minecraft (Mushlantis)
* [27/3/19 Mushlantis 2.0](https://1drv.ms/f/s!Ak1pvbWm73EpidoDAt1HR6YoKutGYQ)

<iframe src="https://onedrive.live.com/embed?cid=2971EFA6B5BD694D&resid=2971EFA6B5BD694D%21158979&authkey=AOJeFPfEXYY4mq8" width="165" height="128" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe>

## ACORD Stuff
* [ACORD Folder](https://1drv.ms/f/s!Ak1pvbWm73EpgSMgyjkY4sQ3BR6z)

<script type="text/javascript" src="//Menu16.com/U/0947E64C/1/MyMenu1.js?h=BC0E"></script>
<div id="MyMenu1"></div>
Moved menu (need to fix)

Commit message:

Fixed up navigation (part 1) for Acord stuff

acord.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: Star Sailors by ACORD
cover: true
description: >
  Star Sailors by ACORD is based off of the Star Sailors novella. Welcome to our
  galaxy. [Star Sailors](http://allianceofdroids.org.au/aod/star-sailors-embed/)
published: true
---

# Stellarios
## ACORD Navigation
[Star Sailors](http://acord-robotics.github.io/starsailors/starsailors-embed)
[Games](https://github.com/acord-robotics/starsailors/tree/master/stellarios/Games)

## ACORD Games
[Starbound](http://acord-robotics.github.io/starsailors/starbound)
[Minecraft](http://acord-robotics.github.io/starsailors/minecraft)
[Science Games](http://acord-robotics.github.io/starsailors/othergames)

## Parts to this page
Note: these pages will be in the root folder as well as the acord-robotics/starsailors/stellarios/pagebuild/ folder
[Computer Science](http://acord-robotics.github.io/starsailors/computer-science)

## Star Sailors
Star Sailors was designed to be the future of science fiction gaming!




  
	


## Computer Science

### HTML
[HTML](http://acord-robotics.github.io/starsailors/html/)

### C++
[C++](http://acord-robotics.github.io/starsailors/cplusplus)

### CS
I'm currently doing a computer science course at school, and I'm aiming to get into a Software Engineering course at university. To code Star Sailors, I'll be needing to learn the following coding languages:

* HTML
* CSS
* Python
* PHP
* Java & Javascript
* C, C#, C++

I'll be starting with Python for 2 reasons:

* I know how to code basic things in Python (and it is needed)
* In August we'll be doing Python in school

Because of this, I'll be learning all about Python and how to use it. There are 2 repos that I will be sharing my knowledge, notes and basic code:

[DroidOS Python Repo](http://irisdroidology.github.io/droidos-python)
[Star Sailors Repo](http://acord-robotics.github.io/starsailors/droidos-python/)

I'll be storing it here as well as on my personal Github account.

### Python

## Python Map (on this site)
[Python Repo](http://acord-robotics.github.io/starsailors/droidos-python)
[Basic Concepts](http://acord-robotics.github.io/starsailors/droidos-python)

## What will I be using to learn Python?
[Sololearn](http://sololearn.com)
[Grok](http://groklearning.com)

# S2-RD

<div class="codegena_iframe" data-src="https://allianceofdroids.org.au" style="height:441px;width:750px;" data-responsive="true" data-img="https://blog.allianceofdroids.org.au/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/ACORD.v1.png" data-css="background:url('//codegena.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/loading.gif') white center center no-repeat;border:0px;"></div><script src="https://rawgit.com/shaneapen/Codegena/master/async-iframe.js"></script>


## ACORD GAMES
### Starbound
<a data-flickr-embed="true" data-header="true" data-footer="true"  href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/163063357@N08/albums/72157703079330401" title="Starbound"><img src="https://live.staticflickr.com/4900/46282139031_a4754d448b_b.jpg" width="1024" height="558" alt="Starbound"></a><script async src="//embedr.flickr.com/assets/client-code.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

## Robots, by ACORD
<a data-flickr-embed="true" data-header="true" data-footer="true"  href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/163063357@N08/albums/72157697047931491" title="Sp-D2"><img src="https://live.staticflickr.com/1763/28338365077_83f0bd3648.jpg" width="382" height="278" alt="Sp-D2"></a><script async src="//embedr.flickr.com/assets/client-code.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

## Computer Science
![Full-width image](https://preview.redd.it/33a10dy7mmm21.jpg?width=640&crop=smart&auto=webp&s=782c2c499e319204b45d53610a38ff175a06f722){:.lead data-width="800" data-height="100"}

## ACORD Anniversaries
<a data-flickr-embed="true" data-header="true" data-footer="true"  href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/163063357@N08/albums/72157703345314821" title="AoD Anniversaries"><img src="https://live.staticflickr.com/4816/31449261517_811f2cb12b_b.jpg" width="1024" height="581" alt="AoD Anniversaries"></a><script async src="//embedr.flickr.com/assets/client-code.js" charset="utf-8"></script>


# COOL LINKS
## Starbound
* [ACORD Starbound World](https://1drv.ms/f/s!Ak1pvbWm73EpiaYhsLf3WID8h-RATw)

<iframe src="https://onedrive.live.com/embed?cid=2971EFA6B5BD694D&resid=2971EFA6B5BD694D%21152353&authkey=AMg5GAWwsOjx3OM" width="165" height="128" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe>

## Minecraft (Mushlantis)
* [27/3/19 Mushlantis 2.0](https://1drv.ms/f/s!Ak1pvbWm73EpidoDAt1HR6YoKutGYQ)

<iframe src="https://onedrive.live.com/embed?cid=2971EFA6B5BD694D&resid=2971EFA6B5BD694D%21158979&authkey=AOJeFPfEXYY4mq8" width="165" height="128" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe>

## ACORD Stuff
* [ACORD Folder](https://1drv.ms/f/s!Ak1pvbWm73EpgSMgyjkY4sQ3BR6z)

<script type="text/javascript" src="//Menu16.com/U/0947E64C/1/MyMenu1.js?h=BC0E"></script>
<div id="MyMenu1"></div>
Moved menu (need to fix)
