README.md, before:

<<<<<<< HEAD
# ACORD ROBOTICS/Star Sailors
=======
# ACORD ROBOTICS/Star Sailors
>>>>>>> 05f9ec6b0419eb0a1301e51d5a93fda2f9fc8886

ACORD Robotics, founded in December 2015, is currently creating robots, games, software and hardware for scientists and the public. One of these games is Star Sailors, based on the novella series of the same name, written by the ACORD chairman @IrisDroidology.

Star Sailors is an online-RPG which will be bundled together with StellariOS in the ACORD app.

# ACORD Network
* [Portal](http://allianceofdroids.org.au)
* [Git](http://acord.tech/gitlab)
* [Landing](http://acord.tech/acord)
* [News](http://acord.tech/news)
* [Chairman's Site](http://acord.tech/opus)
* [Reddit](http://acord.tech/reddit)

# Star Sailors Novella Series
Writing Repo: https://gitlab.com/acord-robotics/robodev/star-sailors

# DroidOS
## Acord app
* Laid out like *Terragenesis* App

## Games
### Terragenesis

Terragenesis, developed by Edgeworks entertainment, is a space colonization game available for AnDroidOS and iDroidOS. In Terragenesis you pick a planet (for example Mars), and research technology that is used to make your planet more liveable, for example oxygen generators.

The application is really nicely designed and will provide an inspiration for our application. For example, the menu system of Terragenesis will be copied into the DroidOS app. Once you’ve opened a planet in Terragenesis, you see the current state of the planet (for example, a green, lush globe), and this will also be used in the app. See the droid controller section for more.
Droid Controllers

#### TG Stats
* Mercury: 100% (beginner, daughters of gaia)
* Venus: 100% (beginner, united nations)
* Earth: 20% (normal, biosphere, horizon corporation)
* Mars: 100% (beginner, daughters of gaia)
* Moon: 100% (normal, biosphere, united nations)

Once youve opened the droid control part of the app, you’ll be able to select which model of Droid you want to control (including virtual droids.). Once you’ve selected your model, the droid will be slowly spinning around, with different parts of the droid corresponding to different functions (touching the feet will select the movement function, for example).
ACORD Sites
Education
Virtual Droid
Archives/Save-files

### Backflip Studio Games
Backflip studios have made a number of awesome games that I've played, including Dragonvale (World) and Gizmonauts (a space & robotics colony game). Backflip studio games emphasise collection of different objects (like dragons) of different types, and the housing of these objects in different habitats. Some stellarios games will follow this model as well, with robots &  aliens being collected, sorted, bred, etc.

Backflip Photos: http://acord.tech/dragonvale

### Star Wars Card Trader (Topps)
http://acord.tech/stellarios-swct-1

# Stellarios
Stellarios is a suite of applications that is made by ACORD. Coded in a variety of languages, these apps are games, robotic controllers, and much more.

## App List
* Star Sailors Game
* Companion Robot Controler
* S2-RD (A0-D2) Controller
* ACORD Network (All sites, as well as Git)

## Stellarios Photos
A bunch of photos and media files for Stellarios apps, games, and products

### Games
#### Star Wars Card Trader
* http://acord.tech/stellarios-swct-1



# Gitlab
We're going to be using Gitlab as a secondary git client. Gitlab and Github will be filled up with more projects and people once we've got more active members (however we will be attempting to get 1 contribution each day on each git client).

* [Gitlab Group](http://gitlab.com/acord-robotics)
* [Gitlab Profile](http://gitlab.com/irisdroidology)

* [Gitlab Repo](http://gitlab.com/acord-robotics/robodev/s2-rdstellarios)

The github repository will be made private once we upgrade to a more expensive Github plan. Then both the gitlab and github clients will be private

# ACORD Portal
## Plugins
* [Buddypress custom background by BUDDYDEV](https://buddydev.com/plugins/bp-custom-background-for-user-profile/)
* [ACORD Portal](http://gitlab.com/acord-robotics) - Still a wip

## Themes
Currently we are using the Aardvark theme by Ghostpool, however there are many other cool themes like Buddyboss and Thrive (which we used last year.) We are always on the lookout for cool new themes, however right now Aardvark does the job well.

## Resources
You can find out how the portal works here: http://acord.tech/portal-help
# Maintenance
This repo has been moved to acord.tech/gitlab/acord-robotics/robodev/stellarios
Any changes on github will be reflected in gitlab. Bitbucket? This is to ensure that online cloud-based IDE code editors can be used. Gitpod is currently our editor of choice

This repo on acord.tech/github will be used for jekyll only, however it will still be updated from gitlab.
Backing up: https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/raketasks/backup_restore.html#rsync, https://gitlab.com/acord-robotics/robodev/star-sailors/issues/9

Commit message:

Updated readme with photo albums

README.md, after:

<<<<<<< HEAD
# ACORD ROBOTICS/Star Sailors
=======
# ACORD ROBOTICS/Star Sailors
>>>>>>> 05f9ec6b0419eb0a1301e51d5a93fda2f9fc8886

ACORD Robotics, founded in December 2015, is currently creating robots, games, software and hardware for scientists and the public. One of these games is Star Sailors, based on the novella series of the same name, written by the ACORD chairman @IrisDroidology.

Star Sailors is an online-RPG which will be bundled together with StellariOS in the ACORD app.

# ACORD Network
* [Portal](http://allianceofdroids.org.au)
* [Git](http://acord.tech/gitlab)
* [Landing](http://acord.tech/acord)
* [News](http://acord.tech/news)
* [Chairman's Site](http://acord.tech/opus)
* [Reddit](http://acord.tech/reddit)

# Star Sailors Novella Series
Writing Repo: https://gitlab.com/acord-robotics/robodev/star-sailors

# DroidOS
## Acord app
* Laid out like *Terragenesis* App

## Games
### Terragenesis

Terragenesis, developed by Edgeworks entertainment, is a space colonization game available for AnDroidOS and iDroidOS. In Terragenesis you pick a planet (for example Mars), and research technology that is used to make your planet more liveable, for example oxygen generators.

The application is really nicely designed and will provide an inspiration for our application. For example, the menu system of Terragenesis will be copied into the DroidOS app. Once you’ve opened a planet in Terragenesis, you see the current state of the planet (for example, a green, lush globe), and this will also be used in the app. See the droid controller section for more.
Droid Controllers

#### TG Stats
* Mercury: 100% (beginner, daughters of gaia)
* Venus: 100% (beginner, united nations)
* Earth: 20% (normal, biosphere, horizon corporation)
* Mars: 100% (beginner, daughters of gaia)
* Moon: 100% (normal, biosphere, united nations)

Once youve opened the droid control part of the app, you’ll be able to select which model of Droid you want to control (including virtual droids.). Once you’ve selected your model, the droid will be slowly spinning around, with different parts of the droid corresponding to different functions (touching the feet will select the movement function, for example).
ACORD Sites
Education
Virtual Droid
Archives/Save-files

https://photos.app.goo.gl/EEHNaXFd3vKUZbLu6

### Backflip Studio Games
Backflip studios have made a number of awesome games that I've played, including Dragonvale (World) and Gizmonauts (a space & robotics colony game). Backflip studio games emphasise collection of different objects (like dragons) of different types, and the housing of these objects in different habitats. Some stellarios games will follow this model as well, with robots &  aliens being collected, sorted, bred, etc.

Backflip Photos: http://acord.tech/dragonvale

https://photos.app.goo.gl/6Nt8rosFPX9j9fBf8
### Minecraft
Minecraft is a sandbox game for console, PC, Mac, and mobile devices that involves placing and destroying blocks. ACORD has our own Minecraft Bedrock server and world, with some mods available. Check it out at http://acord.tech/minecraft-acord and ACORD members can download our world/server at http://acord.tech/minecraft-world

### Star Wars Card Trader (Topps)
http://acord.tech/stellarios-swct-1

# Stellarios
Stellarios is a suite of applications that is made by ACORD. Coded in a variety of languages, these apps are games, robotic controllers, and much more.

## App List
* Star Sailors Game
* Companion Robot Controler
* S2-RD (A0-D2) Controller
* ACORD Network (All sites, as well as Git)

## Stellarios Photos
A bunch of photos and media files for Stellarios apps, games, and products

### Games
#### Star Wars Card Trader
* http://acord.tech/stellarios-swct-1



# Gitlab
We're going to be using Gitlab as a secondary git client. Gitlab and Github will be filled up with more projects and people once we've got more active members (however we will be attempting to get 1 contribution each day on each git client).

* [Gitlab Group](http://gitlab.com/acord-robotics)
* [Gitlab Profile](http://gitlab.com/irisdroidology)

* [Gitlab Repo](http://gitlab.com/acord-robotics/robodev/s2-rdstellarios)

The github repository will be made private once we upgrade to a more expensive Github plan. Then both the gitlab and github clients will be private

# ACORD Portal
## Plugins
* [Buddypress custom background by BUDDYDEV](https://buddydev.com/plugins/bp-custom-background-for-user-profile/)
* [ACORD Portal](http://gitlab.com/acord-robotics) - Still a wip

## Themes
Currently we are using the Aardvark theme by Ghostpool, however there are many other cool themes like Buddyboss and Thrive (which we used last year.) We are always on the lookout for cool new themes, however right now Aardvark does the job well.

## Resources
You can find out how the portal works here: http://acord.tech/portal-help

# OpusTheRobot
My name is Liam, also known as Opus, and I'm the Chairman & Co-Founder of ACORD (formerly Alliance of Droids). I've got plenty of cool things that I will be sharing on this repo, including personal things:

## Football
### Photos
* [Willetton vs Warnbro 2019](https://photos.app.goo.gl/YgUFbxNpfBCBkthN9]
* [Willetton vs North Beach 2019](https://photos.app.goo.gl/stfY4uHwi9DmgbTS8]
* [Willetton vs Coolbinia 2019](https://photos.app.goo.gl/oVMHrN6Se631qevS9)
* [Willetton vs Kingsway 2019](https://photos.app.goo.gl/XPXjcRWdJPF5bZBZ8)

__AFL__
* [Essendon vs Melbourne 2019](https://photos.app.goo.gl/646E8gVnH3CkdfJH6)

## Hobbies
### Gaming
* [Dream League Soccer](https://photos.app.goo.gl/cdAQ8FQmNZkc7q269)

# Maintenance
This repo has been moved to acord.tech/gitlab/acord-robotics/robodev/stellarios
Any changes on github will be reflected in gitlab. Bitbucket? This is to ensure that online cloud-based IDE code editors can be used. Gitpod is currently our editor of choice

This repo on acord.tech/github will be used for jekyll only, however it will still be updated from gitlab.
Backing up: https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/raketasks/backup_restore.html#rsync, https://gitlab.com/acord-robotics/robodev/star-sailors/issues/9
